Let us do a brief analysis.
What are the main causes
of startups death?
Because I think it sounds like this,
I’ve heard it many times.
If you have a good idea, if you
have been able to identify an
opportunity in some existing
market or in a new market, you
are surrounded by people, the right
people, you have a good team,
you are at the right time,
in the right place, we
also hear that many times.
It’s very important, you have
to do it with passion, with perseverance,
you have to work hard, you
have to fight for that idea
you’ve had.
You also have illusions.
If you have all this, what is it that
they usually tell us?
That it is a matter of time, that you
will get to success, that you will succeed.
But the reality is that this is a lie.
And there is a data that corroborates
us and is that 90% of startups
die in that barbarity.
And it’s also a real drama, because
people leave their jobs, invest
their money, put a lot of illusion.
Not just your money, but the money
of people around you, etc.
Many people have everything we
have seen.
They have a good idea, they are at the
right time, they do it with passion,
they work hard, they put all their
illusion in it and yet they
are part of that 90% of those who fail.
Let’s see the survey, right?
What it tells us is that 42% of
startups fail because there is
no market need, there is no
need in the market for that product.
And then there are other causes such as
that you are without money, that it is
not the right equipment, that there
are other competitors that outperform, etc.
The product is not good.
Well, these are a number
of circumstances that are
very common in all surveys.
Let us go to this survey.
And that’s what I want you to stay with.
Look, look at what is the number
one cause of startups dying.
They don’t die, they are almost not born.
In this case, they are not able to
build something that people
want to buy.
This is the key, this is the idea
I want you to stay with.
This is the main cause of the death
of startups, which never reach
the product market feed, which is
a term, a concept that we will
study later and that you
will learn well.
Well, if this is the main
reason for startups dying,
what we have to be able to do
is develop a method that helps
us, with the least risk possible
and with the least investment
possible, build products
or services that people want
to buy.
If not, we will die on the road.